UPGRADING.md, before:

# Upgrading SWS Report

## Before You Start

1. **Stop your server**
2. **Backup your database** (just in case)

---

## Which Migration Do I Need?

| Your Current Version | Run This |
|---------------------|----------|
| v1.0.2 or older | `migration_1.0.3_image_url.sql` + `migration_1.0.4_player_identifiers.sql` |
| v1.0.3 | `migration_1.0.4_player_identifiers.sql` |
| v1.0.4+ | Nothing - you're up to date! |

---

## How to Run Migrations

### Option 1: Command Line

```bash
mysql -u root -p your_database < sql/migration_1.0.3_image_url.sql
mysql -u root -p your_database < sql/migration_1.0.4_player_identifiers.sql
```

### Option 2: HeidiSQL / phpMyAdmin

1. Open the `.sql` file in the `sql/` folder
2. Copy the contents
3. Paste into query window
4. Execute

---

## After Migration

1. Replace your old files with the new release
2. Start your server
3. Done!

> **Note:** The release already includes the pre-built UI. No `npm run build` required.

---

## Troubleshooting

**"Column already exists"**
You already ran this migration. Skip it.

**"Table already exists"**
You already ran this migration. Skip it.

**Something else broke?**
Restore your backup and try again, or open an issue on GitHub.

Commit message:

chore: update to v1.0.6 with inventory management support
Renamed the inventory migration SQL file to match the new versioning scheme and updated documentation to reference it. Added inventory management setup instructions and configuration options to README and UPGRADING guides. Bumped version to 1.0.6 in fxmanifest.lua and README.

UPGRADING.md, after:

# Upgrading SWS Report

## Before You Start

1. **Stop your server**
2. **Backup your database** (just in case)

---

## Which Migration Do I Need?

| Your Current Version | Run This |
|---------------------|----------|
| v1.0.2 or older | `migration_1.0.3_image_url.sql` + `migration_1.0.4_player_identifiers.sql` |
| v1.0.3 | `migration_1.0.4_player_identifiers.sql` |
| v1.0.4 | Nothing new |
| v1.0.5 | `migration_1.0.6_inventory_changes.sql` (optional) |
| v1.0.6+ | Nothing - you're up to date! |

---

## How to Run Migrations

### Option 1: Command Line

```bash
mysql -u root -p your_database < sql/migration_1.0.3_image_url.sql
mysql -u root -p your_database < sql/migration_1.0.4_player_identifiers.sql
```

### Option 2: HeidiSQL / phpMyAdmin

1. Open the `.sql` file in the `sql/` folder
2. Copy the contents
3. Paste into query window
4. Execute

---

## After Migration

1. Replace your old files with the new release
2. Start your server
3. Done!

> **Note:** The release already includes the pre-built UI. No `npm run build` required.

---

## Troubleshooting

**"Column already exists"**
You already ran this migration. Skip it.

**"Table already exists"**
You already ran this migration. Skip it.

**Something else broke?**
Restore your backup and try again, or open an issue on GitHub.

---

## v1.0.5 → v1.0.6 (Inventory Management)

This migration is **optional**. Only run it if you want to use inventory management.

```bash
mysql -u root -p your_database < sql/migration_1.0.6_inventory_changes.sql
```

See [INVENTORY.md](INVENTORY.md) for setup and usage details.
